src/utils/dom.js exclude
src/utils/logInputEvents.js exclude
bind.js exclude
unbind.js exclude
src/utils/typeOf.js exclude

src/utils/getChunk.js ok
src/utils/getChunkSize.js ok
src/utils/isEmpty.js ok
src/utils/isCharConsonant.js ok
src/utils/isCharEnglishPunctuation.js ok
src/utils/isCharHiragana.js ok
src/utils/isCharInRange.js ok
src/utils/isCharJapanese.js ok
src/utils/isCharJapanesePunctuation.js ok
src/utils/isCharKatakana.js ok
src/utils/isCharKana.js ok 
src/utils/isCharKanji.js ok
src/utils/isCharLongDash.js ok
src/utils/isCharPunctuation.js ok
src/utils/isCharRomaji.js ok
src/utils/isCharSlashDot.js ok
src/utils/isCharUpperCase.js ok
src/utils/isCharVowel.js ok
src/utils/mergeWithDefaultOptions.js ok 


src/utils/kanaMapping.js
src/utils/hiraganaToKatakana.js
src/utils/kanaToRomajiMap.js
src/utils/katakanaToHiragana.js
src/utils/romajiToKanaMap.js


constants.js

isHiragana.js
isJapanese.js
isKana.js
isKanji.js
isKatakana.js
isMixed.js
isRomaji.js
tokenize.js

stripOkurigana.js
toHiragana.js
toKana.js
toKatakana.js
toRomaji.js


